Company Name: Averity
Industry: Staffing and Recruiting 11-50 employees 20 on LinkedIn
Size: 11-50 employees
Description: People hire people. Looking for a new job or trying to hire that critical person isn't fun. Finding the best opportunity and hiring the right person is more than an application and a resume. The hiring and interviewing process can be time consuming and tolling, which requires a trusted source to aid in communication, screening, preparation, scheduling, and feedback.

Averity is a team-based technology recruiting firm in New York City. Our strength and difference is that our teams are specialized in niche markets only in New York. Our niches include OpenSource and Web Engineering; Data Science; and DevOps, SysOps and Infrastructure. Our philosophy is: Find something you're good at, and do it better than anyone else.

Averity's difference is simple: We provide an unparalleled experience for everyone we interact with. We believe in a culture of world-class service. We take pride in our integrity in the recruiting industry. This is not a boiler room and there are no cubes.

Please read our reviews on Glassdoor, Google and Yelp.

Averity began out of the desire to create a different recruitment firm in New York City that not only provides the highest level of service to its clients and candidates, but also creates a positive team-oriented work environment where together everyone achieves more. The success is based heavily on the production of the team, not just the individual, creating a culture based on core values of Communication, Ethics, Innovation, Positive-Energy and Delivery.

There is a gap in connecting top tier talent within the Information Technology and Engineering sectors. As these industries continue to grow, the demand for a sophisticated web presence, monetization of data through business intelligence and a realizable return on online advertising will continue to increase. Averity will aim to fill a void left by other permanent placement and contract-staffing agencies.
…
show more
Employee Range: 11-50 employees
